and her affair. I spoke quickly, breathlessly, wanting to get it off my chest, J felt as if I were at confession. Ruth listened without interruption until I had finished. It was hard to read her expression. Finally she said, “I am very sorry this happened, Theo. I know how much Kathy means to you. How much you love her.” “Yes. I love…” I stopped, unable to say her name, There was a tremor in my voice. Ruth picked up on it and edged the box of tissues toward me. I used to get angry when she would do that in our sessions; I’d accuse her of trying to good to make me cry. She would generally succeed. But not tonight. Tonight my tears were frozen. A reservoir of ice.  I had been seeing Ruth for a long time before I met Kathy, and I continued therapy for the first three years of our relationship. I remember the advice Ruth gave me when Kathy and I first got together: “Choosing a lover is a lot like choosing a therapist. We need to ask ourselves, is this someone who will be honest with me, listen to criticism, admit making mistakes, and not promise the impossible?” l told all this to Kathy at the time, and she suggested we make a pact. We swore never to lie to each other. Never pretend. Always be truthful.  “What happened?” I said. “What went wrong?” Ruth hesitated before she spoke. What she said surprised me. suspect you know the answer to that. If you would just admit it to yourself.”’ "I don't know." I shook my head. “I don't." l fell into indignant silence—yet I had a sudden image of Kathy writing all those emails, and how passionate they were, how charged, as if she was getting high from writing them, from the clandestine nature of her relationship with this man. She enjoyed lying and sneaking around: it was like acting, but offstage. “I think she’s bored,” I said eventually. “What makes you say that?” “ "Because she needs excitement. Drama. She always has for environe complaining—for a while, I suppose—that we don’t have any fun anymore,
that U that I’m always stressed, that I work too hard. We fought about it recently.
She l She kept using the word fireworks.”
